i really have to wonder how much more
negative public reaction to this
peculiar autobiographical story arc
would have been
if he had gone to vietnam if he had gone
to thailand if he had gone to the
philippines if he had gone anywhere
other than the last bastion of white
privilege
iceland in his ill-conceived mission
to find the woman he would marry at
first on a two-month schedule later
abbreviated to be just two weeks
at the beginning of the year i said this
and then i am hoping that by june i have
a full income coming in through my
youtube videos and that i've also been
vaccinated at which point i will then go
to europe for two or three months to
look for love and to vlog this
experience i will be spending two weeks
in europe and i know that's not enough
time to get married but i do believe
it's enough time to find the person i
will eventually marry
[Music]
dax please start vlogging people are
attracted to people who are vulnerable
and real your content is so scripted and
overly edited it feels robotic dax bro
stop reading from a script like this
even if the delivery isn't perfect it
will connect much better with us if you
just look at us and talk to us
anything you think you are messing up
when you talk unscripted is a part of
the charm and character of the youtube
channel
when you read like this i feel like i'm
at school watching someone reading out
their assignment to the class sorry but
this idea seems boring and soulless as
hell
like we don't know any of these people
they didn't say anything interesting and
like the way you read out the update
makes this thing seem corporate it seems
like you're missing the point of your
appeal
like your channel isn't about spreading
positivity for 14 years
they were funny goofy vlogs that you
made that were on the edge of
performance art and awkward honesty
i really don't think this is a good idea
no dax we are here for you
not for people we never heard about
who are just trying to get famous
a well-intentioned comment but um
it draws our attention back to the fact
that dax flame has no higher aspirations
than to get famous
get rich and get laid
although apparently not in that order he
was hoping to already be married by now
on the basis of his supposed wealth and
fame
oh man don't make me question if i still
want to be subscribed to this legendary
channel or not i've been here for a long
time but i will probably have to leave
if i'm getting random vlogs from people
i didn't subscribe to in my
subscriptions
and for a contrasting perspective
i for one am looking forward to the dax
flame branded attempt
at a team 10
scenario
there were many different comments from
many different perspectives getting
across this same point
that they had subscribed to see this one
man to hear his personal story to hear
about his struggles in the first person
and not to watch some random la vlogger
and there were a lot of comments like
this one in the middle
presuming that she was not selected at
random but that she was selected because
she was
hot
as they say
in the promise of our times and yes this
comes incongruously on the heels of the
failure
of dax flames romantic adventure
in iceland
after a long lonely quarantine i was
ready for love romance and adventure i
booked myself a flight to europe landed
in reykjavik rented a car and set out on
the road with two full weeks ahead of me
to find what i was looking for i drove
and drove the towering mountains
cascading waterfalls and adventurous
experiences washing over me
reinvigorating my desire for romance i
think failure is meaningful and i think
that one of the most important things
about the internet in the 21st century
is that it lets us really talk about and
really share the significance of our
failures in a way that no other medium
and no other genre of literature ever
did before i think that there probably
was an interesting story to share
in dax flames total
failure to fall in love total
failure to find a wife and it would have
taken real vulnerability and real
creativity and would have been a real
work of art for him to try to get across
to his audience the agony
of whatever process he went through or
just to reflect on his own indolence and
indifference whatever the factors were
that led to this failure for something
he'd been planning to do
for
many months if not many years why was it
that he thought he would find the love
of his life in iceland and what does it
mean to him now that he's been forced to
recognize that all of his assumptions
whether romantic or idiotic have just
plain proven to be wrong i think there's
a story worth telling there and it's
exactly the kind of story you would
never hear on cnn and you would never
hear on hbo and you'd never hear on bbc
radio it's the kind of story that only
gets shared on youtube and youtube lets
us learn from one another's suffering
one another's experience one another's
struggles and aspirations in life in a
way that no other medium ever did before
there was a time
14 years ago when dax flame seemed to
understand that and he's showing us now
that he doesn't understand the strength
of this medium at all
when it comes to finding women
i'm just gonna tell you guys straight
[Music]
um
maybe spend
[Music]
less time
[Applause]
[Music]
oh
so
[Music]
you